This semester, the CP317 class was tasked with working with over 20 other poeple to complete a software engineering project over
the course of 3 months. Our group, ezMarker, completed the task through the frustration and hard work that came with such an assignment.
Many challenges were faced as we learned to work with so many other people. Each person was assigned to a section of the project that
highlighted their skills and abilities. The writers were assigned to documentation, the good coders were assigned to back or front end,
and the thorough analysts were assigned to testing. The qualities of each person shone through their work in each section. The writers 
wrote, the coders coded, and the testers tested to the best of their ability and it really showed. The front and back end team were tasked
with actually implementing the project discussed. Through the challenges and frustration that came with coding such a big project with so
many others, they delivered a product that is sure to make david brown's jaw drop. The final product was so vigorous and thoroughly tested
that an error is not be found. The whole process to get where we are is well documented in all the documentation associated with the
project. As explained, all the teams learned how to work with each other collaborated well to create a polished final product that will
hopefully give us the A that we are all striving to get.

Our project ezMarker is a web application that allows instructors to upload grades and feedback onto The Laurier site MyLearningSpace with
ease. Autograder (MLS) is Wilfrid Laurier University's online learning management system. It is a rebranded version of Autograder, created
by Autograder (D2L). This educational platform allows students and instructors to communicate, share resources, and keep track of academic
progress. A vital part of this system is a feature that allows instructors to set grades and give feedback on student work. Ezmarker was
created because current feedback system on MLS becomes tedious and is time consuming when giving feedback for large classes. ezMarker cuts
down time by allowing bulk grade and feedback upload with the use of the Autograder.

The main challenges faced by the team were integrating the teams together and working with so many people. This being the first real
software project for many people, made it difficult to work with all the other teams. Whether it be the front end team using back end api
or the documentation team establishing a plan for the coding teams, we learned how to work with teams outsie our own department. At first,
it was difficult to have all the teams communicating, but not long after, the teams were talking. Using slack, each member was able to
communicate with any other member on the team. This proved to be very useful, as there was now full communication among all members of the
team. The separate sections of the project were now also able to communicate efficiently and the whole project started to go much more 
smoothly. Working with so many other people also proved to be a challenge. Relying on so many other people to finish their
responsibilities on time and to do equal work as everyone else was difficult. Of course, some were more committed to the project than 
others, but that is to be expected in a project of this size. All in all, the team was able to work together and create a finished product
that we are all proud of.

The team of Ezmarker has some advice for anyone planning to work with the Brightspace API . One key piece of advice is that the API tester
https://apitesttool.desire2learnvalence.com/ is your friend when using brightspace. To use it you need a API key/ID set with the trusted
url set to https://apitesttool.desire2learnvalence.com/.Another piece of advice is be aware of the The JSON format returned for a given
object is not necessarily the JSON format used to send that object to the server.


The collaborative effort of all members is shown here and we hope that David Brown will see it as we do.
